good afternoon today i want to introduce
you with a tap along the screen which gives
good arc
20 dollars he gives at the moment in
an hour earlier he gave more than 40 to the body before
until the moment others fell, but they
promise to increase to 50 that's the screen
it looks like
there is nothing difficult there is captcha
here are 20 oaks you enrolled but I would like to
you still show how you can still
more money here you have
referral link
in principle, we need a referral
link your program such as tor
browser
which hides on doesn't change ip
browser and
what we do we enter the address
now
go copy your referral link
we enter
address
here we have
site
Further better to do it on a notebook
Notepad to throw immediately your referral
link and wallets
I have them 31 Exchange 2 ate a bot and 3
other tea
here we are copying
we insert
it turns out
I registered by my referral
links
it turns out we are paying 50 percent
from referrals
Now we enter captcha
he let's see me now on
account 730 on my main account
where did I get the chiral link and enter
captcha
on credited 20 dollars here
look 730 update
I get 10 more from my account
it's what we do next in the torus
personality
and again on the new
enter your referral link with
primary account
further copy 2 wallet
we enter it
and enter captcha
Now we will pick up more successfully
this is a bad captcha
here you go
here we are credited $ 20
minimum output 750 go further
close this whole thing
look 740
now 750 so per hour we
we earn besides those two of them
accounts that are $ 20 for us
give us an additional 20 friends
we throw here it turns out on the main
account we have 40 dollars per hour
We recruit Minimal here revealed there it
it will be naturally longer because
here is 20 more and so we
earn yourself a great doggy link to this
faucet i threw down under the video also i
I'll drop you
link to the top itself who does not know
please use
so earn
thanks to all